hi you look familiar are you lost or
something hmm me that's right why are
you talking to me do you want to fight
no just being friendly allow me to
introduce myself
Agumon is my name protecting this area
is my game when I warp digivolve I
become more green were you also made
from the control spires nah I came from
a vision then I have nothing to talk to
you about you couldn't possibly
understand me whether you become
warGreymon or any other real Digimon but
maybe I can help
wait I will talk to you and perhaps you
can answer all of the questions that
plagued me um I don't know there'd be a
quizzing ball hmm maybe right here then
it can oh I'm not sure I'm sorry I'm not
more help to you but no one's ever asked
me before where my heart is strange you
claim to be alive and yet you don't know
where your heart is maybe it doesn't
really exist maybe the heart is just an
illusion
it's not an illusion when you really
care about someone more than you care
about yourself it's called love and I
know it comes from the heart I just
don't know where it is interesting then
let me ask you this why do you have a
heart I don't know why I just do that's
all humans have them and so do Digimon
but I'm a different kind of Digimon made
from control spires does that mean I
have a heart too but was I created
without
these are all very good questions that I
love to answer for you but I'm not very
good at this kind of stuff could you
repeat the question I'm not sure I
remember what I asked anymore hmm
they were both confused let's forget the
whole thing and grab a bite I'm sorry
I need more answers but you see I'm not
alive I'm just a thing why would I
possibly have any use for a heart in the
first place good point
hey you can be a friend a friend yeah
you see if you care about me then we're
friends and if we're friends then you
have you can't have one without the
other
look at me I've got lots of friends what
if I'm not capable of being a friend
that would prove once and for all if I
have a harder time of course you're
capable anybody's capable of being
someone's friend but what if what if
always with the what-ifs what my aunt
had a mustache she'd be my uncle she
would your logic confuses me how is
friendship supposed to feel or does it
just happen at any rate it certainly
hasn't made me feel any better
not cause me just mad give it time time
I've given you time to answer all of my
questions and you haven't answered one
yet I should just destroy you and move
on it seems to be my purpose in life and
if that's so then so be it I will
dedicate myself to being the most
powerful
but I have to know if that is my true
destiny or if there's something more for
me in this world than just fighting you
know like a reason why I'm here for some
it's money others power and for you
perhaps friendship but I have to know
the reason why I was created snap boy
you're a serious guy no way you can't
throw your heart away but if what you
say is true and I have a heart then it
is clearly interfering with my fight and
I can't reach my full fighting potential
until I throw my heart away
fighting is important but it's not
everything you need to trust me as your
friend before you can find your heart
very well I will be your friend in order
to prove if my heart exists but if it
doesn't I will be forced to destroy you
thanks for the warning by the way it's
customary to shake hands with a new
friend shake hands
Oh
or this
he's breaking the destiny stone
okay
the pain it's getting worse something's
hurting me
what happened there's nothing wrong with
the destiny zone we were going I was
gonna back floors